.\" Man page for db_update.
.TH DB_UPDATE 1 "14 August 2019" ""
.\" Please adjust this date when revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH "NAME"
db_update \- check schema consistency according to schema in json file and upgrade it with SQL statements from json file.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B db_update [command] [options]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.SH "Commands:"
.TP
\fB\-\-check\fR
Check current schema against one from json file.
.TP
\fB\-\-dump\fR
Dump current schema into json file specified in --source_file option.
.TP
\fB\-\-print_schema\fR
Print current schema to output.
.TP
\fB\-\-query="..."\fR
Run specified SQL query in DB.
.TP
.SH "Options:"
.TP
\fB\-\-db\fR
Name of the schema which is used. Default: test
.TP
\fB\-\-host\fR
Hostname to connect to. Default: localhost
.TP
\fB\-\-pass\fR
DB password. Default: ''
.TP
\fB\-\-source_file\fR
Json file with schema to check (for 'check' command) or to write schema (for 'dump' command). Default: schema.json
.TP
\fB\-\-table_name\fR
Get schema only of specified table. Default: ''
.TP
\fB\-\-user\fR
DB username. Default: root
.TP
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
\fBdb_update --dump --host <IP> --user <User> --pass <Password> --db <DB name> --source_file schema.json\fR
.RS 4
Create a schema file schema.json of current schema.
.RE
.PP
\fBdb_update --check --host <IP> --user <User> --pass <Password> --db <DB name> --source_file schema.json\fR
.RS 4
Before the update of database schema you can run check to be sure that current schema is equal to the initial one in schema.json file
.SH "BUGS AND LIMITATIONS"
.SS Should you encounter any bugs, they may be reported at: 
https://github.com/darkmind/db_update/issues
.SS For now it can't actually update schema.
.SH "AUTHORS"
.SS Mykola Malkov <nickolay.malkov@gmail.com>
